The prestigious school that turned
out many heroes, U.A. High School.
Enrolled in their hero course,
I continue to run toward my dream,
standing up to any difficulties
and saving people with a smile...
...in order to become the greatest hero!
Those of us in Class 1-A of
U.A. High School's hero course
"Provisional Licensing Exam Location
National Dagoba Arena"
take on the provisional hero licensing exam.
Well, for all hundred of
you who passed the first test,
please watch this.
It's the field...
I wonder what's going to happen?
Why?!
Th-This is...
The next test will be the last one.
We will have you all perform rescue
exercises as bystanders in this disaster site.
"Denki Kaminari - Quirk: Electrification"
"Minoru Mineta - Quirk: Pop Off"
"Bysliders"?
"Bystanders."
"Toru Hagakure - Quirk: Invisibility"
They're people who happen to be at the scene.
We learned this in class, remember?
It can also refer to
ordinary citizens, though.
"Momo Yaoyorozu - Quirk: Creation"
We will assume that those of
you who have passed the first test
have received your provisional licenses
and test how well you can carry
out suitable rescue procedures.
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All"
Rescue...
"Mezo Shoji - Quirk: Dupli-Arms"
There are people in there.
Huh?
"Rikido Sato - Quirk: Sugar Rush"
Elderly and children?!
That's so dangerous! What are they doing?
They are people who have undergone training
to be professional people-in-need-of-rescue
and are in high demand right now--
"Blood"
The "Help Us Company," or "H.U.C." for short!
"Hanta Sero - Quirk: Tape"
"Tsuyu Asui - Quirk: Frog"
"Mashirao Ojiro - Quirk: Tail"
Professional people-in-need-of-rescue?
There are a lot of jobs out there, huh?
It's one adapted to this world
where heroes are so popular.
"Tenya Iida - Quirk: Engine"
The people from H.U.C. have
dressed up as injured victims
and are on standby throughout
the disaster site.
We will now have you all
carry out their rescue.
In addition, we will score
your rescue based on points
"Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot"
and if you have more points than
the benchmark at the end of the exercises,
"Inasa Yoarashi - Quirk: Whirlwind"
then you pass.
We will start in ten minutes,
"Tatami Nakagame - Quirk: Telescopic"
"Yo Shindo - Quirk: Vibrate"
so please use the restroom and take care
of any other necessary business right now.
Midoriya.
Yeah... I wonder if this disaster site
is based on Kamino Ward...
It's true that the situations are similar.
Back then, we were focused on getting
Bakugo far away from the villains...
...and staying out of the way of the pros.
There were many casualties
in the midst of all that.
Let's do our best.
"Rescue Exercises"
Hey, something amazing happened!
Listen to this--
What's the rating?
R-18!
I'll listen.
You know that bodysuit girl
from Shiketsu over there?
Yeah.
If you're just going to say
she's hot, that's not good enough.
I've been watching her this whole time, and--
Well, I saw her completely naked in
the shadows by the rocks with Midoriya.
Midoriya!
--Huh?
--What were you doing, bastard?!
When the rest of us were working so hard!
Were you making light of life
just because it was during a test?!
O-Ow, stop that! What?!
Don't play dumb!
What did you do with that
person over there...?
"Camie Utsushimi"
That's a greeting exchanged
secretly by a man and a woman
after they've progressed to
a certain point in their relationship!
I misjudged you, you
smooth-talking, curly-haired bastard!
Oh, I see... It was Sero!
No, I'm telling you, that's not how it is!
It was because of her Quirk.
Actually, I didn't know what
was going on, and it was super scary!
But you saw her naked, didn't you?
W-Well...
You saw, didn't you?!
And she's still waving at you!
Just how far did you two go?!
"Ochaco Uraraka - Quirk: Zero Gravity"
I told you, that's not how it is!
"pull pull"
"Eijiro Kirishima - Quirk: Hardening"
Shiketsu's coming this way.
"Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion"
Bakugo.
Huh?
Did you see Shishikura--the guy
whose eyes look like slits?
There's so much hair.
Yeah. I knocked him out.
That's what I thought.
I think he probably acted rudely.
He must have caused offense.
He has the tendency to impose
his own values on others.
He probably couldn't help himself
after seeing you, since you're pretty famous.
I would like to build
a good relationship with U.A.
I apologize on his behalf.
--"Good relationship"...?
--"Good relationship"...
It doesn't really seem that way at all...
"Good relationship"...
But that face...
Well then.
Hey, you with the shaved head.
Did I do something to you?
Oh?
Well, I'm sorry, son of Endeavor..
...but I hate you guys.
You've changed a bit since back then,
but your eyes are the same as Endeavor's.
Yoarashi, what's wrong?
Nothing, sir!
The old man's... eyes?
Todoroki.
See ya.
R-Right!
What do you mean, "R-Right"?!
You sexual maniac...
I told you, it's not what you think!
She's super scary!
Oh dear, you're acting disgraceful.
What are you doing? We
still have another test.
But--!
You must focus properly!
I don't like this.
Why do I feel so stirred up?
I was fine when I was fighting...
I don't like this...
Dek--
Villains have begun
a large-scale terrorist attack!
This is occurring in all
areas of "City Name Here."
Due to buildings collapsing,
there are many injured.
"Kyoka Jiro - Quirk: Earphone Jack"
This is the scenario for the exercises, huh?
Huh? Then...
It's starting.
Due to heavily damaged roads, the first
group of rescue workers have been delayed!
This opens up, too?
Until they arrive, the heroes in
the area will lead the rescue efforts.
Save as many lives as you can.
Well, then...
Start!
Saving lives... That is the
greatest ambition of a hero!
We have to do this properly! Properly...!
He mentioned points, but he didn't
say anything about how we'd be scored...
Since we don't know,
all we can do is follow our training.
Let's do this! Let's do this! Let's do this!
Let's start by going to
the closest urban area!
We'll work as a team as much as possible!
Right!
Bakugo, again?
Why are you guys following
me, you damn extras?!
We just felt like it!
Okay now, please wrap up the
second test as quickly as possible, too.
Rescue exercises, huh?
Even if this is just an exercise,
this is pretty crazy.
Everyone, be careful of falling debris!
What's wrong, Midoriya?
I hear a child's voice!
--Help!
--There! He's over there!
My grandpa! He's been crushed...!
What? This is bad! Where?!
What's up with that? Minus points!
Huh?!
First, you need to check
whether or not I can walk!
My breathing was weird, too, right?
And I'm bleeding pretty badly on my head!
Those with provisional licenses should be able
to take in the victim's condition in an instant
and act based on that!
Will the members of H.U.C. be
the ones scoring us for these exercises?!
This will show how much you've trained!
Look all around you and pay attention!
Okay, let's rope this off
temporarily as a danger area!
No, go wider! This is a terrorist attack!
There might be a lot more damage!
I'll make a road and a
helicopter landing area for now.
Move!
"Nagamasa Mora - Quirk: Extend-o-Hair"
Shiketsu High School, second
year, Nagamasa Mora!
Quirk: Extend-o-Hair!
He can extend all the hair on
his body and manipulate it at will.
The only bad thing about it
is that it gets tangled easily.
As expected of Mora! You're amazing, sir!
I'll set up the first-aid station here!
There's a lot of space. Let's set up
a temporary evacuation area here.
"Shikkui Makabe - Quirk: Stiffening"
Okay!
I'll be in charge of triage!
When it comes to saving lives,
"Pro Hero - Shota Aizawa - Quirk: Erasure"
"Pro Hero - Ms. Joke - Quirk: Outburst"
experience really makes a difference.
You're not just providing rescue and aid.
Until the firefighters and police arrive,
you need to exercise authority in their place
and do your best to make sure everything
goes smoothly to hand off to them.
In order to save people,
heroes must do many things.
Above all, you...
We're all scared, hurting,
and worried out of our minds.
The first thing you say
is "What? This is bad!"?
That's no good.
It's fine now. Why?
Because I am here.
Calm down! What am I doing?
I've gotta turn it on.
The provisional license and
this test aren't just points on the way.
All of it is for what I want to become--
The shape of my dream!
Do what I should be doing
with everything I've got!
I-It's... fine!
--Over there! My grandpa...!
--Don't worry, we'll definitely save him!
I'll carry this kid to the first-aid area.
You guys go on ahead!
All right!
Let's do this!
Yeah!
It'll be all right! It'll be all right!
Can't you say anything else?
You're terrible at this!
I'll save you! I'll definitely save you!
Enough already!
What am I doing...?
Do you...
...like him?
It's love!
I'll put this feeling away.
Because I thought Deku looked
cool giving his all to reach his goal,
with no room for anything else.
There's someone you like, right?
And you feel like you want
to be like that person, right?
I'll put this feeling away...
Because I think I have
to work hard like that, too.
I'll put it away!
It's been ten minutes since it started.
"Heroes Public Safety
Commission - Yokumiru Mera"
Everyone seems to be doing well,
thanks to their training.
However, naturally...
This won't be that straightforward.
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 12/27"
"Height: 156 cm" "Blood Type: B" "Likes: Japanese Food"
"Ochaco Uraraka"
"Quirk: Zero Gravity"
"She can make people and things weightless with the pads on the tips of her fingers."
"Affiliation: Shiketsu High School 1st Year"
"Birthday: 9/26"
"Height: 190 cm" "Blood Type: O" "Likes: Passion"
"Inasa Yoarashi"
"Quirk: Whirlwind"
"He can create strong winds around himself and control them."
I'm a first year at
Shiketsu High School, Inasa Yoarashi!
Hero name: Gale Force!
Rescue exercises pump me up!
I'll do my best!
Inasa?!
Oh, wind?
It looks sloppy at first glance,
but he's using a countless number
of different types of winds
to fit the different shapes and
sizes of people and debris he's moving.
His subtle control is unbelievable!
But it is sloppy after all!
Minus points!
Don't move anything without any safety checks
or checking the condition of the injured!
You could make things worse!
I see! I apologize!
Hey, Camie's gone again.
What's the matter with her?
Are you all right?!
Sloppy!
The initial response is where the amount
of training and one's decision-making ability
becomes most obvious.
Inasa...
Petitioning to take a test normally
taken in the second year as a first year,
and being strong enough to be accepted.
"Seiji Shishikura - Quirk: Meatball"
However, he is being too impatient.
He lacks experience and self-awareness.
Do you realize you're the only
who has failed already, Shishikura?
Yes, I do.
Oh, okay...
Then you should use this chance
to reflect on what happened.
You've been influenced too much.
Influenced?
It's been pretty easy
to see ever since Stain.
Me? Influenced by the words of a villain?!
Absurd.
Absurd?
Well, it's not necessarily a bad thing.
With his fundamentalist assertions
and All Might's retirement,
there is an increasing number of people
who wish to reform the position of heroes.
But...
...if negativity and hate become
the impetus like it did for you this time,
then it can cloud your judgment
and make you go too far.
There's someone in here,
but there's no response to our calls.
It's too dark to see what's going on.
First, let's confirm a pulse and breathing.
I'll make a space for emergency treatment.
They're so used to this.
Everyone, let us move quickly, as well.
He's conscious. It's an old man.
Ouch... Hurry it up!
The debris is in the way!
I'll make them float and move them!
Whoops, you'll get points
taken off for that decision.
Please wait a minute!
--Huh?
--Please look more carefully around you.
A building has collapsed
next to this piece of wall
and it's only luck that
they're balanced the way they are.
That balance can be destroyed
if we move anything carelessly.
I see! Oh, no!
Let's use a support to prop up
the wall before we evacuate him.
It'll take some time
to put it together, though...
Leave that to us!
How's this?
I've reinforced the wall, too!
All right, Uraraka!
Right!
I'll move the debris that doesn't have
any effect on the balance and create a path!
Here I go!
It's not perfect, but they're not bad.
When there is a large-scale
disaster like this,
there are not enough rescuers
to help those in need of rescue.
Therefore, the work must be
as efficient as possible.
If someone tries to do
the whole process themselves,
they'll end up losing time instead.
What's important is to understand
what your own Quirk can do
and see how much you can
divide the labor with those around you.
To focus on your role during a test where
you're trying to sell yourself takes courage.
It's something you can only do if
you really understand the situation.
But there is still a lot of wasted effort.
If you keep going like this,
we won't be able to grant you the license.
We ended up just watching.
A number of people have already left,
but unlike the first test, it looks like
it would be better to split up for this one.
Let's move in smaller groups.
In that case, I'll go towards the river,
where I can use my abilities best.
I'll go with you.
Me, too!
All right, let's go, too!
"Fumikage Tokoyami - Quirk: Dark Shadow"
Yeah!
Right.
"Koji Koda - Quirk: Anivoice"
"Mina Ashido - Quirk: Acid"
Koda, can you use animals
to look for people who need rescuing?
I'll look, too.
Mineta, help me.
Okay!
All right.
Depending on the situation,
you should also communicate with other schools,
and save as many lives as possible!
Right!
Did you say it's too dark to see back there?
"Yuga Aoyama - Quirk: Navel Laser"
Have a bright future with my twinkle!
Oh, thanks!
Aoyama, I didn't think you'd
be the first to start!
You really like that, don't you?
Yaoyorozu, we will disperse and get to work!
Roger!
His right leg is broken!
Sero, use your Tape!
Leave it to me!
Jiro, please look for the
next person who needs help.
I know, I am!
"Mountain Zone"
S-Someone!
I've hurt my arm!
Help! It hurts!
Shut up! Save yourselves!
What?!
You're sticking too close to your own style!
They might be really hurt!
No... We're supposed to be victims with
minor injuries who are low priority rescues.
Could he have figured that out in an instant,
telling us to move by ourselves?
No way... They took it in a way
that makes it sound okay...
We'll take you someplace safe.
Yeah!
But that tone of voice was inappropriate.
Minus points.
What did you say?!
"City Zone"
I hear a voice.
Over there!
All right, I'll go first to check on the
condition of those who need to be rescued.
Got it.
Even if this weren't a test, I would
reach out to save those who need help.
I'm sure that's what my brother,
Tensei, would've done!
Let's go to the mountain zone.
There will be animals over there.
It'll be easier to use Koda's Quirk there!
Todoroki, Tsuyu, over there!
H-Help!
I'll go.
Let's gather things that'll
burn to warm him up.
Leave it to me!
We're almost at a safe place, okay?
There are already so many...
You! Let me see that boy!
Oh, okay! He's hurt his head.
He's bleeding a lot,
but the wound's not that deep.
He responds clearly to questions.
Yeah, he looks fine.
Okay, carry him to the space on the right.
Yes, ma'am!
Good.
Screening the injured and
performing first aid.
In the short time until
emergency responders arrive,
heroes must act in their stead
and ensure a smooth transition
after their arrival.
How's it going?
During their initial response, well...
...there were many who acted incompetently,
but even so, the points taken off
by the members of H.U.C. were...
...less than I expected.
I think in general, everything is going okay.
In order to protect the
people on the streets,
heroes are expected to multitask.
In other words, rescue...
...and...
What's that?!
What is this?!
An explosion?
Why?
Th-This is...
There has been a large-scale
terrorist attack by villains.
Everyone, the scenario for the exercises...!
Seriously?
That's...
Hey, look!
"Pro Hero - Gang Orca"
Rescuing and fighting!
Can you do everything at the same time?
Gang Orca...!
During the League of Villains
search-and-destroy operation in Kamino Ward,
he's a hero who was called out
alongside Endeavor and Best Jeanist.
He's strong, you know.
He's currently at number ten!
By the way, he's third in the
ranking of heroes who look like villains!
Villains have appeared
and started their pursuit!
Hero candidates at the scene
should continue their rescue efforts
while also suppressing the villains.
Continue rescue efforts while fighting?!
Jeez, are they serious?!
Aren't they expecting a little too much?!
This situation would
be difficult even for a pro.
To go this far for the provisional license...
Now...
What'll you do?
Fight, or protect?
Help, or run?
What will you do, heroes?!
"Preview"
I am here for the preview!
Next week will be a special,
completely original episode!
Why? Because we've
gotta have fun when we can!
Next time on My Hero Academia,
"Save the World with Love!"
"Next time: Special Episode:
Save the World with Love!"
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!